feat: V6 updates to toggle, library, setup, analytics and storage (#5870)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib-v1/storage/js/configureaccess.mdx

When using Auth and Storage modules together, you do not need to construct the `/{user_identity_id}/` manually as the library will use the configured Cognito Identity ID for your user/device along with the configured access level for an action. This includes UnAuthenticated access where you will first call `Auth.currentCredentials()` before a Storage action. See [Authentication](/lib/auth/overview) for more information.

The access level can be configured on the Storage object globally. Alternatively, the access levels can be set in individual function calls.

> Default access level for Storage module is `guest`. Unless you configure Storage otherwise, all uploaded files will be publicly available for all users.

Access level configuration on the Storage object:

```typescript
await getUrl({ key : 'welcome.png', options: { level: 'guest' }}); // Gets welcome.png in public space
```

The default access level is `guest`:
```typescript
await getUrl({ key: 'welcome.png' }); // Get welcome.png in public space
```

## Customization 

### Customize Object Key Path 

> You can customize your key path by defining prefixes:
> 
> ```typescript
> Storage.configure({
>     customPrefix: {
>         guest: 'myPublicPrefix/',
>         protected: 'myProtectedPrefix/',
>         private: 'myPrivatePrefix/'
>     },
>     // ...
> })
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize your key path by defining a prefix resolver:

```typescript
Amplify.configure(
    {},
    {
        Storage: {
            S3: {
                prefixResolver: async ({ accessLevel, targetIdentityId }) => {
                    if (accessLevel === 'guest') {
                        return 'myPublicPrefix/';
                    } else if (accessLevel === 'protected') {
                        return `myProtectedPrefix/${targetIdentityId}`;
                    } else {
                        return `myPrivatePrefix/${targetIdentityId}`;
                    }
                },
            },
        },
    }
);
```
```
